haha
No
the event first connect sticks a hayward
railway station other a stationmaster
them back about 2004 first event we have
around 30 bikes there we've built up to
about two thousand six seven with about
nearly two hundred lives which was a bit
too much to handle so I decided to bring
the events here to bury where there are
more facilities such as the trackside
which offers hot and cold food as a
result since bringing it here it's
attracting quite lots of bikers of
course dependent on the weather is the
main contributor to bankhead long as if
the weather is good and obviously like
today the event is hold about 250 to 300
bikes with people spending money into
the retail side and also traveling on
our trains the exhibitors have trouble
in some cases from as far as way is
Darby Lexington North Wales South
Yorkshire so you troublesome distance
and that's the thing about the
advantages draw exhibitors and bikers
from right across the Northwest and
Beyond
we have different types of classic
vehicles we have some of the very
vintage ones so modern-day ones which
are also classic in their own right so
we attract both to say Beauty and the
Beast to this event and that's why it's
called classic rather than vintage just
to thank really the exhibitors for
attending today and of course East
Lancashire railway for wholesome event
you